Fix the Slack link in the contributing guide (#2129)
wiremock/wiremock: CONTRIBUTING.md

You can help make WireMock a better tool in a number of ways:

* Write or improve [documentation](#writing-documentation).

> * Join the [community Slack channel](https://join.slack.com/t/wiremock-community/shared_invite/zt-1mkbo0zlx-gxeZdTJ15Kchdt888Fn_1A), help other WireMock users and share tips. 

Author: ```suggestion
* Join the [community Slack channel](http://slack.wiremock.org/), help other WireMock users and share tips. 
```
